"Steve Berman (Skit)" lyrics

Eminem Lyrics




"Steve Berman (Skit)"



Mr. Berman? What?!
We have Eminem here to see you 

about fuckin' time!
Send him in (Steve! Good to see ya man) 
Look who decided to show his face!
I hope you've had fun in the last 4 years. 
(Look man, I apologise again for-) 
For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
(Again, it was a mistake,) (a terrible mist- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?) 
and then you go and you do what? hide out? stay in Detroit from us 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down?
Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fuckin vacation?
(Well that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna, put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you, and get your opinion) 
Do I really need to hear it?
Let me guess, another album about poor me, I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life, and I'm such a tortured artist.
Let me make music about it and my tragic love life, am I on to something here? (Come on man it's not like that yo-) 
You know what? Just hand the fuckin thing over I'm done talkin to you. Think you can just come and go as you please.
Big selfish superstar (Steve, I had a drug problem) 
Oh poor me, I had a drug problem.
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? 

(Hey! hey!) Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out (Woah, woah, woah. Jesus Christ man!)
(Alright alright here, fine) What's this shit? Two CD's? 
(That's what I've been tryin to tell you man, there's 2 albums)
Just get out! (Alright!) 
Get the fuck out (Alright man, see you later)

















 Submit Corrections

Thanks to EPICO for adding these lyrics.





Writer(s): Marshall Mathers, Paul Rosenberg, D. Geistlinger





AZLyrics
E
Eminem Lyrics



album: "Relapse" (2009)
Dr. West (Skit)
3 A.M.
My Mom
Insane
Bagpipes From Baghdad
Hello
Tonya (Skit)
Same Song & Dance
We Made You
Medicine Ball
Paul (Skit)
Stay Wide Awake
Old Time's Sake
Must Be The Ganja
Mr. Mathers (Skit)
Deja Vu
Beautiful
Crack A Bottle
Steve Berman (Skit)
Underground
My Darling(Digital bonus track)
Careful What You Wish For(Digital bonus track)






 Search