"Highly Favored" lyrics

Nas Lyrics




"Highly Favored"



Patient, my faith is highly favored by The Father, love to all
Rest in peace to ZANU, the barber bought cases
Celebrate and takes us back through thought
The real New York, death to rapists and rats
The Tech School to Brooklyn Stories
The Kings, the lifers, The Lords of Queens
Or the stories on Puerto Ricans, righteous, I heard things
Know some people who know some people, get money
The broke people claim you owe some people
It's easy to explain anything to a real liver of life
Who live where you live and see shit the same
Gotta watch who you joke with or get checked
We easily mistake jokes for disrespect
Where I'm from, it's never over if somebody dies
Somebody gon' ride, years later somebody' son dump a .45
You laid up in ICU hopin' you survive
Too many stories like this one

What's shakin'? My faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to all (Peace to all)
Patience, my faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to y'all (Peace to y'all)
What's shakin'? My faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to all (Peace to all)
What's shakin'? What's shakin'?

Yeah, some are caricatures, amateur boys
I'm like a classic pianist with a hand full of sores
Bandages on, my fingers still are managing chords
Like a live band preforming in a sand storm, blinded
Still I hit the right keys, swift as a light breeze, drippin'
In fear of God, scented in dipped teak fragrance
Some nights, Creed flavors, I am motivation
I don't talk on the next man, I am never hatin'
This daily bread, holy bread, alphabetical numerals, codes are read
What's more dense, gold or lead? What's more expensive?
The OG said "No matter what it is, rent it, and never buy it, it's all temporary possessions
We don't own nothing on this earth but our soul and that's the lesson"
Project apartment parties, rest in peace to Marley
Tryin' not to get booked by Officer LaValley

What's shakin'? My faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to all (Peace to all)
Patience, my faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to y'all (Peace to y'all)
What's shakin'? My faith is highly favored by The Father, peace to all (Peace to all)
What's shakin'? What's shakin'?

















 Submit Corrections






Writer(s): Homer Banks, Carl Mitchell Hampton, Robert F. Diggs, Raymond E. Jackson, Nasir Jones





AZLyrics
N
Nas Lyrics



compilation: "The Lost Tapes II" (2019)
No Bad Energy
Vernon Family
Jarreau Of Rap (Skatt Attack)
Lost Freestyle
Tanasia
Royalty
Who Are You
Adult Film
War Against Love
The Art of It
Highly Favored
Queens Wolf
It Never Ends
You Mean the World to Me
QueensBridge Politics
Beautiful Life






 Search