"Another" lyrics

Notorious B.I.G. Lyrics




"Another"
(feat. Lil' Kim)



[Biggie:] Yeah... fuck you
[Lil Kim:] Fuck you too!
[B.I.G.:] Fuck you bitch
[Lil Kim:] Fuck you motherfucker
[B.I.G.:] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
[Lil Kim:] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
[B.I.G.:] Yeah, whatever whatever
[Lil Kim:] Whatever
[B.I.G.:] You wasn't saying that when you was sucking my dick
[Lil Kim:] You wasn't saying that when you was eating my pussy!
You a nasty motherfucker!
[B.I.G.:] Check it, uh
[Lil Kim:] Crab ass

[B.I.G.:]
What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

[Notorious B.I.G.:]
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain your game is see-through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try

Like this y'all, my girl sucked another nigga dick y'all
Light-skinned with the chromed-out six y'all
Thought they was creeping, took trips to V-A every third weekend

While you was sleeping, he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine code non-stop
Should've left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much

You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialled
Where I hid dough under the bathroom tile
Waited for a while, thought you would do the right thing
Then things got frightening

Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein
Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold-digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga

Asked my man Jigga, my ace boon coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sitting In My Room
Pissy drunk listening to Stylistics tunes
Or the O'Jays, thinking 'bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play

Baller, if she beep you, don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was asking 'bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
We'll be all fuckin' tonight, know what I mean?! Uh
(I'm fuckin' you tonight)

[Lil Kim:]
What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

[Lil Kim:]
'Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker should've never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci

It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and mad fat y'all
Should've seen the whore, nigga pack your shit
You out the door, oh

What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was your friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep putting up with the bullshit

And still I, never sweat these bitches
Q.B. hanged like plaques on the wall in your pictures
Scale them fishes, my love is concrete
Stashing your heat in the passenger seat
Of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me trying to hold on
Teary-eyed, damn a bitch steaming
Girls steady screaming, 'Kim you need to leave him!'

When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
Thinking bout the bitches I fought
Over you, you can have the shit you bought
And fuck you, leaving is my last resort

You see nine outta ten niggas, ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
You're mad at me, too bad she ain't bad as me
Should've kept the freak bitch off my canopy

Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked your dick, it's like smoking a roach
Uh, why go from first class to coach

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

















 Submit Corrections

Thanks to AU, neri, molly, portland jake, Jasmine for correcting these lyrics.





Writer(s): Christopher Wallace, Norman Henry Jr. Ingram, Sean Combs, Kimberly Jones, Steven A Jordan





AZLyrics
N
Notorious B.I.G. Lyrics



album: "Life After Death" (1997)
Life After Death Intro
Somebody's Gotta Die
Hypnotize
Kick In The Door
Fuck You Tonight
Last Day
I Love The Dough
What's Beef?
B.I.G. Interlude
Mo Money Mo Problems
Niggas Bleed
I Got A Story To Tell
Notorious Thugs
Miss U
Another
Going Back To Cali
Ten Crack Commandments
Playa Hater
Nasty Boy
Sky's The Limit
The World is Filled...
My Downfall
Long Kiss Goodnight
You're Nobody (Til Somebody Kills You)






 Search