"Heard About Us" lyrics

The Carters (Beyonce & Jay-Z) Lyrics




"Heard About Us"



No need to ask you heard about us
No need to ask you heard about us
Already know you know about us
No need to ask you heard about us
No need to ask you heard about us
Watch your mouth when you around us

Pull up, hop out, wreck
Got no time, but we got Patek's
I come around, stepping on necks
My chica got niggas upset, why?
Oh, why these bitches so mad for?
They don't want Yoncé on their door
Louis slugger to your four door
Careful you get what you asked for
We go, ooh
Go to Cuba then Aruba in the middle of the winter (skrt, skrt)
Brand new sprinter, we laugh to the bank
But we ain't no joke, yeah
You better act like you know, yeah

No need to ask, you heard about us
No need to ask, you heard about us
Already know you know about us
Ain't no need to ask, you heard about us
No need to ask, you heard about us
Watch your mouth when you move around us

If you don't know now you know, nigga
He smoke and we drink, D'USSÉ to the face (yeah)
If you don't know now you know, nigga
Put hoes in their place, bitch, stay in your lane
(Bitch, stay in your lane)
Talk that talk, B

Billie Jean in his prime
For the thousandth time, the kid ain't mine
Online they call me "dad," kiddingly
You're not supposed to take this dad thing literally
That's too famous, we don't even really do famous
I'm cool on that, chunk to two fingers
Everyday I'm gettin' sued famous
I show up to court without a suit famous
Your every move is on the news, ain't it?
Shit has its perks too, ain't it?
Shootin' videos in the Louvre, ain't it?
It could be far worse for you, can't it?
Pain comes with penthouse views, ain't it?
Bitch know me, I been me since the cocaine
Bitch know B, she don't even need a whole name
(It's Beyoncé, nigga)

No need to ask, you heard about us
(It's Beyoncé, nigga)
No need to ask, you heard about us
(Oh, my God)
Already know you know about us
No need to ask, you heard about us
No need to ask, you heard about us
Watch your mouth when you move around us

And if you don't know now you know, nigga
He smoke and we drink, D'USSÉ to the face
And if you don't know now you know, nigga
Put hoes in their place, bitch stay in your lane
Yeah, we the ones that you heard about
Make big noise, big noise
We don't need no voucher
Yeah, we the one's y'all worried about
We good, we good, keep us out your mouth
If you don't know now you know, nigga
If you don't know now you know, nigga

















 Submit Corrections









"Heard About Us" contains an interpolation of "Juicy", performed by Notorious B.I.G., particularly in line "If you don't know, now you know, nigga".


Words "the kid ain't mine" reflect the claim that Jay-Z had a secret son. Wanda Satterthwaite told UK newspaper The Sun that she had an affair with Shawn Carter in Brooklyn, New York, in 1992. She claims that she became pregnant and gave birth to son Rymir.


Jay-Z mentions smoking and drinking cognac on this track, dropping the title "D'USSÉ" which is a brand of which Jay-Z is the co-owner. It is a partnership with Bacardi. Hov is also a part of the deal with the Cuban company Cohiba, that made him his own brand of cigar, Comador.


"Shootin' videos in the Louvre" is a reference to their track "APESHIT" from the same album. The music video was shot in Louvre, Paris.



AZLyrics
B
Beyonce Lyrics



album: "Everything Is Love" (2018)
Summer
Apeshit
Boss
Nice
713
Friends
Heard About Us
Black Effect
Lovehappy






 Search